Instructions

1.  Choose any public dataset from https://datasetsearch.research.google.com, 
    https://www.kaggle.com/datasets, or any public dataset repositories.

    ** We will use datasets related to the customer's behavior

2.  Do predictions, recommendations, or any ML techniques you have acquired 
	in the MLCC - Using Tensorflow

    ** (Regression, Clustering, Classification) 

3.  Each member has to submit :
    a. Github repository link of your group, containing
       i.   Information of the dataset (fork or re-upload if deemed necessary)
       
       ii.  Worksheet and/or ML model (notebook, .py file, tf-lite models, 
            etc)

    b. Google Slides link of your group presentation, up to 10 slides 
       - containing:
   	   i.   Metadata of the dataset
   	   
       ii.  Framing & hypothesis
   	   
       iii. Preparation needed 
   	   		e.g. (hyperparameters tuning, feature selection, data prep)
   	   
       iv.  Techniques
   	   
       v.   Results and conclusions
   			* Assume that stakeholders don’t have any knowledge in 
              Machine Learning, so please make the result “humane”. 
   			
            * Avoid using jargon and technical terms that are unnecessary.
   			
            * Example: If you take the COVID-19 diagnosis and/or prediction 
              topic, you're supposed to present the result of COVID-19 
              Diagnosis and prediction to the hospital or Ministry of 
              Health stakeholders. 

    c. A personal/private comment to the teacher/reviewer, of what roles 
       are you doing in the group project

4.  Please use your own Github account on committing your work. 
    This will count towards your personal effort score.


We will score based on:
1.  Group effort:
    a. On-time submission
    b. The uniqueness of the case and the solutions/model
    c. Slides clarity
    d. Results and conclusions - depth and clarity

2.  Personal effort:
    a. Github activities (commits, issues comment)
    b. Verification of personal comments compared to group projects 
       and commits.
